---
title: Our story
layout: page
---

In 2015, I struggled with an illness that severely interfered with my
ability to work competitively. This illness ultimately leads to the need
for my resignation in August 2015. After months of recuperation I was
asked to assist a dear friend and mentor by representing her at a Social
Security Disability Hearing. Her hearing was awarded favorably and my
desire to launch IGNiTE GOD’S LITE in January 2016 became a reality.

A chance meeting with members of the Wounded Warrior program at Randolph
AFB further catapulted this business adventure. The opportunity to assist
Wounded Warriors in filing SSDI applications was beyond my wildest dreams
but soon became my reality. Now, three years later I wouldn’t have it any
other way. I absolutely LOVE this business opportunity, it is completely
fulfilling and tremendously rewarding.

The Wounded Warriors, their spouses and the Recovery Care Coordinators
have all become my extended family. The United States Wounded Warriors are
a living testament to strength, honor, faithfulness, sacrifice and
courage. They display long suffering devotion to uphold the freedoms and
liberties we Americans often take for granted. The spouses and children of
these Heroes, are equally worthy of praise for their selfless sacrifices
on the American Home-front while separated from their loves for extended
periods of time. In my opinion, whether it be the WW Hero, their spouse or
children, their sacrifices are rivaled only by Jesus Christ’s living
sacrifice on the Cross of Calvary over 2000 years ago.

## Barbi J. Law, B.A.

President and CEO of IGNiTE GOD'S LITE, LLC (est. August 2018)

- DEGREE
  - Bachelors of Arts in Behavioral Sciences
  - Associates in Business Admin
  - Mount Marty College, Yanton, SD
  - August 1988 – May 1992
- EXPERIENCE
  - <span class="yrsexp">17</span>+ years of experience preparing and filing Social Security
    Disability Claims; initiating initial claim following disability
    process through hearing with administrative law judge.
  - <span class="yrsexp">17</span>+ years of experience preparing and submitting application for
    Children's and Women's Health Medicaid Insurance, Food Stamps,
    Medicare Savings Plans, and Medicare D Prescription Assistance.
- AWARDS
  - Multiple recipient of quarterly recognition awards, from January
    2013 – July 2015 for "Outstanding Customer Service".
  - Team Lead providing monthly supervision, mentorship and routine
    upgrade training for six team members from September 2014 – July 2015.
  - 2016 award recipient for the Air Force Personnel Center Wounded
    Warrior Program "Care**Beyond**Duty".
